This is a chest
The other day everyone who received this message on twitter
It's really delicious
You can buy a review for sure by all means Get a message with a photo and have that photo
If you look at it
It was a messy curry that's a delicious curry, and somebody 's gonna sloppy
Uwakkore is thought that or not it delicious ne ne is on the night of me immediately yesterday
I went to look for this curry at Seven Eleven
Here is the gold pin fry curry
This product well 8 of it is the Seven-Eleven
I wonder if it's on the shelf lined with retort curry and Kappou cup ramen.
I thought I was peeled off but I thought it would not sell
I applied for a little at a refrigerated corner that sells like a boxed lunch .
I found it and I would sell it in the refrigerated corner though I took it with this
If you look at the package well and take it to here, it 's not a product and it's not for writing it's refrigerated
There is and behind
For refrigerated 10 degrees or less Please be sure to save in the refrigerator
I think it looks like a retort curry
But it seems not to be a retort and the meat of this meat package I
I was wondering if still wonder if this're so entered
The allergic substance contained in this product which I have bought just is as you see it
Is it
I would like to warm up a bit and eat
Hmm
Your hot water has been boiled
Goodies and
I will pour curry
version
A little bit of rice and curry got warm with this
The staff's beef curry was done and it is amazing to go
First of all, the meat of the cat is real
The meat
Japan is you will now rectal
eh
It's soft, so it's fine.
I feel that one of the stations of the pinff melts out to the roe Amyle also sweet onion
It looks like you're in the loop that you're doing .
Only beef and mushrooms but really
Is good feeling that in keeping the flame or various things
When you eat a bite, you can feel the deep taste
Yup one piece may be a good idea
It is relieved to the city ​​that there is a lot of great stuff 56789
It contains strewn about 10 it is 10 about entering has meat
Wow, I guess I can say it because I'm not taking it
There is also a great volume for
This product is delicious Other than this beef stew
I had come out about what what or four kinds Do Remember me
I bought this because it was this beef curry I was taught, but there are three more
See you than had come out about
I will not think raw materials also it contains a great many things and Do not like
Soy protein and onion apple pulp mushroom
Demigurasu source chutney butter Toka what various wrote it I have this spoon Day
It's give me ne a spoon Nikukin Wow
A little hey I 'm nervous I'm not this curry Nee I 'm not such good
Do not remain so after because But this is sweet Amami is out of it in the extract of various vegetables
Well then I am
The root where the various ingredients which melted up to delicious taste melted out
Gold beef curry that has been released at Seven Eleven for great meat with Gorogoro
It was introduction
This Thank you Sugimoto gave me introduce the delicious ne
Bye